OOD & OOP
	Object oriented programming
	Object oriented design

Ruby: Important for building the functionality in the middle that supports the end user experience

class Test     #Prepare a class
	
end

test = Test.new   #use it later on like this

class Person

end

sam = Person.new

object is an instance of a class
	class -> can't exist but is an overarching concept
				provides a blueprint of what it takes to be in this class
				a machine that will create things
				there is a method .initialize will gets called when .new is called. This creates an instance of the new object with a unique ID number.
	object -> an instance of a class, it exists 
				define the blueprint for each instance (object)
				.new method instantiates different instances of the same object. they have the same properties but are different objects.

Uses class to DRY code
	procedural programming 
		uniform sequence of programming
		surcepeded by producedural programming where you can extract things out and reuses them -> 1950s
			pull out similar chunks into a method
		Developed idea into a collection of methods -> a mixin or module
			can reuse this mixin or define it as a class
		Genetic programming

Building a domain module
	Important for building applications or websites for a customer!
	Design to spec

CRC - Class Responsibility Collaborator -> DOMAIN MODEL
	Generate a set of cards for each class to create your domain model
		each class helps make up your domain
	Use CRC cards to help define classes for a given domain model e.g. superhero
		Super powers with side kicks that help us and secret identities and fight villans and outfits and a catchphrase
			Nous: superpowers, sidekicks, catchphrase, villans, secret identities villans
				help tease out classes and objects and collaborators
			Verbs: help, fight
				helps tease out interactions and methods and responsibilities
		Responsibility and collobarators
	Tease out an interaction map

Boris Bikes
DOMAIN
	Bikes at stations. Bikes park in stations. People can rent bikes. Bikes can break. Vans pick up bikes. Van takes them to garage. Grage fixes bikes. Bikes are returned to empty stations. Stations are limited in capacity. You can redistribute working bikes

CRC
	BIKE
		Responsibilities: 		Collaborators:
			know if	working
			be rented				london people
			docked					station

	STATION
		Responsibilities:		Collaborators:
			be full/not full
			dock					bike




